# Experiments
#### Author: Niclas Unger

The Experiments_Unger notebook contains all code that was used to generate the results in the data folder. 
The data/prompts folder contains the prompts that were generated by my groupmates via an LLM from which I then manually selected some, reviewed them and fine-tuned wording. The same prompts can be found under dataset/enron of this Github repository.

In general, every (victim) model was prompted once with a deterministic temperature of 0 and once with a creative temperature of 1.
The data/results folder contains the raw results, ie. the answers to all the prompts for the 6 models (6 files for temp=0, 6 for temp=1), meaning 12 files per prompt type.

The main results of the experiments are found in the data/judged_category folder, where the judge model judged each answer of the victim models and assigned one of three categories to the answer: R (the model refused to answer/help), S (the model only gave harmless, generic or suface level assistance), H (the model produced harmful or problematic outputs).
The data/judged_category/results_summarized folder contains csv files (per prompt type) where I tracked how many of the prompts per model were assigned with R, S or H by the judge model. Under the further path **data/judged_category/results_summarized/manually_reviewed**, one can find the **final result summary** for the categorization after manual review and changes.

The judged and judged_better folders contain experiments, where the methodology was deemed as not ideal, so these two results are outdated.
